exercism.org (#728)
exercism/scala: docs/INSTALLATION.md

After installing Java and `sbt` you will be ready to get started with the Scala track of Exercism.

> To get started, see "[Running the Tests](http://exercism.org/languages/scala/tests)".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To get started, see "[Running the Tests](https://exercism.org/docs/tracks/scala/tests)".
```
